# FlyView
FlyView : A bio-inspired dataset for motion flow and self-motion estimation

This repository is an additional reference for the FlyView paper.

## Content of the repository

### Data generator

The script located in `datagenerator` allows to load a blender process in the background, load the trajectory from a CSV file, apply the static transform (X, Y, Z + Yaw rotation) and generate the data.

The command to run the `Data Generator` is located in the `datagenerator/command.txt` file.

### 

## Paper

The pre-print paper is available here : Link not added
The paper is available here : Link not available
The supplementary material is available here : Link not available

You can cite our paper using the following bibtex :

```
@article{Leroy2022,
	title = FlyView : A bio-inspired dataset for motion flow and self-motion estimation,
	author = {Alix Leroy, Graham K. Taylor},
	year = {2022},
	keywords = {Optical flow, Ego-motion, Self-motion, Bioinspiration, optic flow,  visual navigation},
}
```

## Dataset

The dataset is fully 

### Sample
A dataset sample can be downloaded here : Link not available
The dataset sample contains an example trajectory in a simple scene. 
This sample contains the 

## Code

The following scripts are included in the repository :
- Generation of the CG trajectories
- Blender python script to extract images and ground truth for a specific trajectory
- Sample to read and convert the optical flow
- 

## Licence
We do not own the right on the 3D assets we used. For each individual Blender scene, please refer to the source for more information.

Landscape :
Jungle :
Corridor :
Interior :
Loft :
Bedroom :
Barber shop :
Wine shop :
Flat : 
Sample scene : Generated by ourselves. Property of the University of Oxford.

## 
